=== Comic Book Herald - A Comic Book Reading Order Guide For Beginners & Fans ===
Date: 2025-03-09
Source: https://www.comicbookherald.com
--------------------
A Comic Book Reading Order Guide For Beginners & Fans The comic bug bites again! I OD'd so hard on Marvel Rivals that I finally shook off my disinterest in reading all the latest and greatest comics! Doesn't hurt that 2025 is off to a roaring start with must-read graphic novels from the likes of Kieron Gillen, James Tynion IV, Jeff Lemire, Juni Ba... …[Read More...]about My Favorite Graphic Novels of February 2025 More Comic Book Reading! Just when I think I'm out on Marvel-616 events... Ryan North's excellent Fantastic Four pulls me back in! I wasn't planning on falling headfirst for a Marvel event outside the Ultimate 2niverse in 2025, but North's Fantastic Four has been so good (it's one of my favorite comics of 2024!), and I'm …[See the Reading Order!]about One World Under Doom (2025) Reading Order Welcome to the Comic Book Herald Complete Marvel Reading Order Guide. Some quick words of explanation that should help answer the most frequent questions. In the years I've worked editing and updating this guide, I've focused primarily on the modern era of comics from the late 90's through the …[See the Reading Order!]about The Complete Marvel Reading Order Guide Marvel took C2e2 2019 by storm with the in-person announcement that writer Jonathan Hickman is returning to the publisher to write two congruent X-Men series. From 2008 to 2015, Hickman stood out as one of the best Marvel Universe writers, delivering impressive work across titles like Fantastic …[See the Reading Order!]about Jonathan Hickman X-Men Reading Order! Let's face it: Batman is the coolest. Even for a comic book fan like me, one who spends an inordinate amount of time fixated on the Complete Marvel Universe, reading Batman is almost always a good decision. It's no surprise there are 6 (nearly 7) Batman stories within my top 50 of the best comics …[See the Reading Order]about Batman Reading Order March 3, 2025ByComic Book Herald StaffLeave a Comment Dave & Charlotte spend a Zack-less episode SHIELDing themselves for his Glorious Return (also talking about the comics). February 24, 2025ByDaveLeave a Comment Charleader and Zacktain America discuss a Dave New World! Is the MCU back? Did it ever leave? Where am I?! All these questions and more! February 17, 2025ByComic Book Herald StaffLeave a Comment Hulkdad and his Failhulks run amok. February 10, 2025ByComic Book Herald StaffLeave a Comment Charlotte & Dave conduct a siege on Zack’s heart… but will they be able to shatter his defenses?? February 3, 2025ByDaveLeave a Comment BOYS NIGHT! Dave and Zack watched the new Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man on Disney+, read all the DC Absolute Universe comics, and finally solved the horniness for Marvel Rivals Squirrel Girl. February 1, 2025ByDaveLeave a Comment For those who were wondering, it turns out I read so many comics last year primarily because I wasn’t spending every free hour playing Marvel Rivals or The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom (or even reading a *gulp* prose novel, Cloud Atlas!). Video games are simply winning the “Would you rather?” battle right […] January 27, 2025ByComic Book Herald Staff2 Comments Zack rains his furious fists down on Dave’s pitiful defense of Iron Fist… will Charlotte use her superior strength to intervene? Find out this week on My Marvelous Year! Also, everyone’s favorite hot synthetic horse is here! Take it from someone who's tried: If you want to read the complete history of Batman in comics, and you don't want to do it digitally, you have your work cut out for you! Take a look at Comic Book Herald's complete Batman reading order and you'll see …[Read the Review]about Collect The Complete DC Comics Reading Order Through DC Finest Collections There is an oft-repeated belief that Cyclops was the villain of the Revolution era of X-Men comics—the period mostly written by Brian Michael Bendis that includes Uncanny X-Men volume 4, All New X-Men, and to a lesser extent, Jason Aaron’s Wolverine …[Read the Review]about Rage and Revolution: Cyclops Was Never The Villain of Bendis Era X-Men Every week in the Comic Book Herald newsletter, I write a column called "A Dave in the Life," where I explore the issues or news in comics. Now, you can also find these columns published here on CBH. To get the full newsletter alongside reading …[Read the Review]about A Dave in the Life: Peter or Miles? Who Wins Spider-Man 2? There is something both incredibly heartwarming and deeply frustrating about Across the Spider-Verse's transness. Let's start with the heartwarming part: as a trans woman myself, as well as a Spider-Gwen fan who has for many years now interpreted …[Read the Review]about Spider-Gwen & the Trans Subtext of Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse The third season of X-Men: The Animated Series is a showcase of all the qualities that make the series memorable in their distilled, purest forms. Season-long plots? Here in spades. Multi-episode story arcs? We’ve got four of those, including …[Read the Review]about X-Men: The Animated Series Season 3 Rewatch! More Comic Book Reviews! First Name Email address: DC Rebirth Guide Batman Reading Order DC New 52 Reading Order Marvel Ultimate Universe Guide Civil War Reading Order Marvel Cosmic Reading Order The Best Comics of All Time! Deadpool Reading Order Justice League Reading Order Complete Thanos Reading Order X-Men Reading Guide (Modern Era) Age of Apocalypse Reading Order Best Tablet For Digital Comics Is Marvel Unlimited Worth It? Copyright © 2025 ·Metro ProonGenesis Framework·WordPress·Log in

