=== CrimeReads ===
Date: 2025-03-09
Source: https://www.crimereads.com
--------------------
Ellen Raskin's estate contains not one but two previously unpublished mystery treasures At a farmhouse in Nova Scotia, a seemingly supernatural phenomenon sparked reports and debates around the world. "How can someone, or something, be stopped by authorities if their existence breaks the laws of physics?" Masthead About Advertisers: Contact Us Privacy Policy

=== Bookreporter.com | ===
Date: 2025-03-09
Source: https://www.bookreporter.com
--------------------
The Book Report Network Sign up for our newsletters! In Clare Leslie Hall's much-talked-about US debut, a love triangle unearths dangerous, deadly secrets from the past. A detective and a TV show producer race to prevent another young woman from disappearing before the next blood moon. The deadline for your entries is Friday, March 21st at noon ET. This riveting and utterly original novel is about one woman’s fight for freedom, set in a near future where even dreams are under surveillance. A woman tries to uncover a mystery surrounding a local librarian and the Boxcar Library, which brought books to isolated rural towns in Montana. Our next contest will be up on Tuesday, March 11th at noon ET. The prize book will be THE WOMEN ON PLATFORM TWO by Laura Anthony. Which of the following fiction titles releasing in March do you plan to read? Please check all that apply. Take our poll »|Past poll results » Tell us about the books you’ve finished reading with your comments and a rating of 1 to 5 stars. During the contest period from February 28th to March 14th at noon ET, three lucky readers each will be randomly chosen to win a copy ofBLOOD MOONby Sandra Brown andTHE JACKAL'S MISTRESSby Chris Bohjalian. Enter contest here »|Past Entries » Our major goal for 2025 is to redesign Bookreporter and the rest of the sites in The Book Report Network. How can you help? We have launched aGoFundMecampaign and are asking for donations.Anylevel of donation that you would be comfortable with is sincerely appreciated. If you would prefer donating via check, please send to:The Book Report, Inc.16 Mt. Bethel Road, Suite 365Warren, NJ 07059Click here to read more about our plans and to donate. Curious about what books will be released in the months ahead so you can pre-order or reserve them? Then click on the months below. Bookreporter.com Bets On The following are lists of new paperback releases that we think will be of interest to you. March's Books on Screen roundup includes the series premieres of "Just One Look" and "Caught" on Netflix (both are adaptations of books by Harlan Coben), "Long Bright River" on Peacock, and "The Last Anniversary" on Sundance Now and AMC+; the season premieres of Prime Video's "Bosch: Legacy" and "The Wheel of Time," along with "Dark Winds" on AMC and "Wolf Hall: The Mirror and the Light" on PBS "Masterpiece"; the season finales of Prime Video's "Reacher," Hallmark Channel's "When Calls the Heart," and NBC's "The Irrational"; the filmsSnow White,In the Lost Lands,The ActorandThe Friend; and the DVD/Blu-ray releases ofThe Room Next DoorandKraven the Hunter. Special Contest: Enter to Win One of 25 Advance Copies of MAYA BLUE: A Memoir of Survival, by Brenda Coffee, and Share Your Comments on It MAYA BLUEbyBrenda Coffeeisa searingly honest and unforgettable memoir that challenges women to rethink everything they know about survival, resilience and finding their voice. We have 25 advance copies to give away to those who would like to read the book, which releases on May 20th, and share their comments on it.All winners must be prepared to provide their feedbackby Monday, May 12th. The deadline for your entries is Friday, March 21st at noon ET.»Click hereto enter the contest. Our Favorite Monthly Lists & Picks for March Each month, we sharetop book picksfrom Indie Next and LibraryReads. We also feature a number of other prominent selections, including the Barnes & Noble Book Club, the "Good Morning America" Book Club, Oprah’s Book Club, the PBS Books Readers Club, the "Read with Jenna" Book Club, Reese's Book Club, and the Target Book Club. COUNT MY LIESby debut novelistSophie Stavais this month's"Good Morning America" Book Club pick. This read-in-one-night thriller is narrated by a compulsive liar whose little white lies allow her to enter into the life and comfort of a wealthy married couple who are harboring much darker secrets themselves.»Click herefor March's Favorite Monthly Lists & Picks. Bookreporter.com's Word of Mouth Contest: Tell Us What You've Read --- and You Can Win Two Books!Let us know by Friday, March 14th at noon ET what books you’ve read, and you’ll have a chance to winBLOOD MOONby Sandra Brown andTHE JACKAL'S MISTRESSby Chris Bohjalian in ourWord of Mouth contest. InBLOOD MOON, an embittered detective and an ambitious TV show producer are in a race against the clock to prevent another young woman from disappearing before the next blood moon. Inspired by a real-life friendship across enemy lines,THE JACKAL'S MISTRESSis a Civil War love story in which the wife of a missing Confederate soldier discovers a wounded Yankee officer and must decide what she’s willing to risk for the life of a stranger.»Click hereto enter the contest. Bookreporter.com's 14th Annual Spring Reading Contests and FeatureSpring is in the air (or will be very soon)! We’ve already caught the fever --- and it’s being fueled by some wonderful new and upcoming releases. Our 14th annualSpring Reading Contests and Featurespotlights many of these picks, which we know people will be talking about over the next few months. We are hosting a series of 24-hour contests for these titles on select days through April 18th. You will need to check the site to see the featured book and enter to win. We also are sending a special newsletter to announce each title, which you can sign up forhere. Our next contest will be up on Tuesday, March 11th at noon ET. The prize book will beTHE WOMEN ON PLATFORM TWObyLaura Anthony,a sweeping and timely novel inspired by a remarkable and little-known true story.In 1970s Dublin, all forms of contraception are strictly forbidden, but an intrepid group of women will risk everything to change that.»Click hereto read all the contest details and learn more about our featured titles. As part of our mission to expand The Book Report Network, we have been shootingvideo interviewswith authors and posting them on ourYouTube channel. We also have been making them available aspodcasts. Carol loves interviewing authors, so this feels like a natural. GOOD DIRTisCharmaine Wilkerson's new novel and aBets On title. Charmaine explains how the character of Ebby Freeman came to her, along with the idea of the clay jar that has been in the family for generations. She shares the research that she did about the work of slaves in the South who created pottery with clay, tracing how an item like this could have made its way from the South to Connecticut with slaves who worked on sailing vessels. And she muses that what happened to Ebby would have a major impact on the rest of her life. As she did in herNew York Timesbestseller,BLACK CAKE, Charmaine invites readers to look at traditions and ideas that they may not have heard about previously while at the same time telling the story of a family. Watch thevideoor listen to thepodcast. Carol had the pleasure of catching up withMarie Benedictabout her latest novel,THE QUEENS OF CRIME, which is aBets On selection. Marie read classic women’s mysteries at a young age, as she was introduced to them by her aunt. Her love for the genre influenced this book, as well as her earlier work,THE MYSTERY OF MRS. CHRISTIE. She discusses the case that the five female crime writers in the novel set out to unravel, explains why a case like this might have taken long to solve, and talks more about the legendary Detection Club. Marie also shares what she is working on now and notes a future collaboration, once again, withVictoria Christopher Murray. Watch thevideoor listen to thepodcast. Joseph Finder's new book,THE OLIGARCH’S DAUGHTER, is aBets On pick. In this breakneck thriller, a young hedge funder falls for an attractive woman he meets at a party who turns out to be the daughter of a Russian oligarch. Joe talks about writing the novel’s two time frames and how the awareness of what oligarchs are has become a lot more timely in the past few years. He did some wilderness training for part of the book and then jumped at the chance to learn more about superyachts that are owned by the uber-wealthy. Joe explains the process of building his characters and what drives them. He also shares what’s next for him. Watch thevideoor listen to thepodcast. »Click herefor a complete list of our "Bookreporter Talks To" videos and podcasts, along with upcoming interviews. After more than a year of laying low, Billie, Helen, Mary Alice and Natalie are called back into action. When they receive a summons from the head of the elite assassin organization known as the Museum, they are ready to tackle the greatest challenge of their careers. Someone on the inside has compiled a list of important kills committed by Museum agents, connected to a single, shadowy figure, an Eastern European gangster with an iron fist, some serious criminal ambition, and a tendency to kill first and ask questions later. This new nemesis is murdering agents who got in the way of their power-hungry plans, and the aging quartet of killers is next. Together the foursome embark on a wild ride across the globe on the double mission of rooting out the Museum’s mole and hunting down the gangster who seems to know their next move before they make it. Betty MacDonald was a 28-year-old reporter from Hawaii. Zuzka Lauwers grew up in a tiny Czechoslovakian village and knew five languages by the time she was 21. Jane Smith-Hutton was the wife of a naval attaché living in Tokyo. Marlene Dietrich, the German-American actress and singer, was one of the biggest stars of the 20th century. As members of the OSS during World War II, their task was to create a secret brand of propaganda produced with the sole aim to break the morale of Axis soldiers. Betty, Zuzka, Jane and Marlene forged letters and “official” military orders, wrote and produced entire newspapers, scripted radio broadcasts and songs, and even developed rumors for undercover spies and double agents to spread to the enemy. And outside of a small group of spies, no one knew they existed. Until now. Ward D is the hospital's mental health unit, and as a medical student, Amy is required to gain experience on the floor. But little do her colleagues know that it may force her to confront a past she has fought hard to forget. The night starts. The countdown begins. As the hours tick by, Amy grows increasingly convinced that something terrible is happening within the ward's tightly secured walls. When patients and staff start to vanish without a trace, it becomes clear that everyone on the unit is in grave danger. Amy never wanted to spend the night on Ward D. Now she might not make it out alive. It's July 1992, and the Troubles in Northern Ireland are still grinding on after 25 apocalyptic years. Detective Inspector Sean Duffy got his family safely over the water to Scotland, to "Shortbread Land." Duffy is a part-timer now, only returning to Belfast six days a month to get his pension. It's an easy gig, if he can keep his head down. But then a murder case falls into his lap while his protege is on holiday in Spain. A carjacking gone wrong and the death of a solitary, middle-aged painter. But something is not right, and as Duffy probes, he discovers that the painter was an IRA assassin. So the question becomes: Who hit the hitman, and why? This is Duffy's most violent and dangerous case yet, and the whole future of the burgeoning "peace process" may depend upon it. No one is more sympathetic than a mother whose child faces a life-threatening illness. But what if the mother is the cause of the illness? What if the sympathy is the point? Munchausen by proxy (MBP) has fascinated and horrified both professionals and the general public since this disturbing form of child abuse was first identified. But even as the public has been captivated by these tales of abuse and deception, there remains widespread misinformation and confusion about MBP. Are these mothers unfeeling psychopaths, or sick women who need help? And how can we protect the children whose lives are at stake? THE MOTHER NEXT DOOR offers a groundbreaking look at MBP from an unlikely duo: a Seattle novelist whose own family was torn apart by it, and the Texas detective who has worked on more medical child abuse cases than anyone in the nation. In 26 sparkling essays, illuminated through both text and image, celebrated author and artist A. Kendra Greene is trying to make sense of the things that matter most in life: love, connection, death, grief, the universe, meaning, nothingness and everythingness. Through a series of encounters with strangers, children and animals, the wild merges with the domestic; the everyday meets the sublime. Each essay returns readers to our smallest moments and our largest ones in a book that makes us realize --- through its exuberant language, playful curation and delightful associative leapfrogging --- that they are, in fact, one and the same. For the past 18 years, Ivy Gordon has been the most famous star at the Dollhouse Academy, the elite boarding school and talent incubator that every aspiring performer dreams of attending. But in secret diary entries, she begins to reveal the truth of her life at the Dollhouse: strange medical exams, mysterious supplements, and something unspeakable that has left her terrified and feeling like a prisoner. Ramona Halloway and her best friend, Grace Ludlow, grew up idolizing Ivy. Neither has made much headway in showbiz until a lucky break grants them entry to the Dollhouse. When Ramona begins to receive threatening anonymous messages, it’s easy to dismiss them as a prank from a rival. Her bigger concern is Grace’s skyrocketing success. But as the messages grow more unsettling, so does life at the Dollhouse. As the smoke from Canadian wildfires chokes Detroit, PI Amos Walker is tasked with investigating a fatal hit-and-run. The victim is Spencer Bennett, a junior law associate with the Waterford Group, and he supposedly had a file of confidential documents on him when he died. But those documents have now gone missing, and the firm is dead set on Walker finding them. As Walker digs deeper into the events leading to Bennett's death, all signs are pointing towards the crash being anything but accidental. Summer in Detroit was hot enough before the smoke descended, but as the temperature rises and more bodies crop up in connection to the missing file, Walker will have to track down those documents --- and unearth why they were worth killing over --- before it's too late. Grief-stricken over her mother’s death and bruised by her failure on her most recent case, Special Agent Emmeline Helliwell with the National Park Service returns to her Utah hometown to heal and regroup. She’s determined to turn in her badge and take over her mother’s bakery for a much quieter life…until the body of a childhood friend turns up in The Narrows of Zion National Park. The case is too personal for Emme to turn down, but the seemingly simple investigation turns treacherous as clues that connect to her previous case grow too glaring to ignore. When bodies start to pile up, Emme must track down the killer before they take more lives, venturing deep into Zion National Park to uncover the sordid secrets hiding beneath its stunning beauty. Copyright © 2025 The Book Report, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

