=== Home - Historical Novel Society ===
Date: 2025-03-09
Source: https://historicalnovelsociety.org
--------------------
Our print magazine for members The Historical Novels Review has published reviews of 20,000+ books. Become a member to get exclusive early access to our latest reviews too!Browse our magazines Submit your novel for review Our features are original articles from our print magazines (these will say where they were originally published) or original articles commissioned for this site. If you would like to contribute an article for the magazine and/or site, pleasecontact us. Our worldwide membership loves to meet up. Many travel thousands of miles to do so. Discover more about our conferences, local chapters and more. Our online member directory allows visitors to view members’ profiles, their latest website/blog posts and links to their Facebook, Twitter and Goodreads accounts. It is also where our staff first look for news and features for the site. HNS Awards have helped discover and launch the author careers of Michel Faber, Ruth Downie, Hilary Green, Martin Sutton, Kelleigh Greenberg-Jephcott, Nikki Marmery, Margaret Skea, Warwick Cairns, Katherine Mezzacappa and Elizabeth Macneal. Our ARA and Saudi awards are amongst the most generous of all literary prizes. For writers and readers who love exploring the past. Founded in 1997, we’re a community of historical fiction lovers. Our members include established and yet to be published authors, readers and publishers. Join us to connect with members from across the world. Enjoy our 64 page magazine in February, May, August and November. We run conferences in the US, the UK and Australia. Plus international awards. Our members lie at the core of the HNS. They include local chapter leaders, reviewers and conference organisers. Looking for your next read? We’ve 20,000+ reviews to browse through. Here are six of our latest Editor’s Choices: We help nurture our author members at whatever stage along the writing path they find themselves. Dive deeper into your favourite books, eras and themes: For readers, writers and historical fiction fans across the world. Highlights About © Historical Novel Society 1997 - 2025. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Designed & Developed byWeb Wise Media

=== Book Review - The New York Times ===
Date: 2025-03-09
Source: https://www.nytimes.com/section/books
--------------------
Advertisement Supported by In her memoir, “Raising Hare,” Chloe Dalton describes how a leveret changed her outlook on life during the pandemic and beyond. ByJ. D. Biersdorfer In a new essay collection, A. Kendra Greene translates her experiences of our bizarre and marvelous world. ByCarlene Bauer Our critic on Deanna Raybourn’s “Kills Well With Others” and three more new books. BySarah Weinman In “Air-Borne,” his detailed and gripping account of aerobiology, Carl Zimmer uncovers the mysteries filling our lungs. ByRobert Sullivan 6 New Books We Recommend This Week Suggested reading from critics and editors at The New York Times. A New Novel After the Nobel? No Pressure, Says Abdulrazak Gurnah. But a full calendar meant carving out time for “Theft,” his new book and first since winning the prize. Let Us Help You Find Your Next Book: Romance Whether you're looking for a classic or the latest and greatest, start here. ByThe New York Times Books Staff Let Us Help You Find Your Next Thriller Whether you're looking for a classic or the latest and greatest, start here. ByThe New York Times Books Staff Let Us Help You Find Your Next Book Reading picks from Book Review editors, guaranteed to suit any mood. ByThe New York Times Books Staff Advertisement A Nanny on the Run With Someone Else’s Daughter “The Tokyo Suite” explores class divisions in contemporary Brazil via the twinned stories of a high-powered TV executive and the desperate caretaker of her child. ByAlexandra Jacobs Trump Is Changing America From the Top. These Groups Did It From the Bottom. A new book by the historian Linda Gordon considers seven social movements that transformed the country — not all of them for the better. ByJennifer Szalai ‘My 10,000 Hours’: The Diaries That Made Helen Garner a Writer “How to End a Story” collects three volumes of the Australian novelist’s self-conscious, sometimes harrowing journals. ByDwight Garner Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Aims to ‘Write a Wrong’ in ‘Dream Count’ In her first novel since “Americanah,” she draws on a real-life assault case as she follows the lives of three Nigerian women and one of their former housekeepers. ByAlexandra Jacobs How ‘Right-Wing Women’ Found Their Place in the Manosphere In a newly reissued 1983 book, the radical feminist Andrea Dworkin argued that conservative women understood the reality of male domination. ByJennifer Szalai Merle Oberon was a popular actress who was once nominated for an Oscar. But a fact that she hid from the public threatened to unspool her entire life’s work. ByAnna Kodé An indefatigable gardener, she was one of the first nutritionists to emphasize the connections between farming practices and consumers’ health. ByJoanne Kaufman A memoir of Italy; notes on Canada. The best-selling bard of female anxiety rakes over some middle school memories while visiting the city where she grew up. ByEmma Goldberg In “Stag Dance,” Torrey Peters probes the complicated, evolving realities of queerness and trans life. ByHugh Ryan Her “Codependent No More: How to Stop Controlling Others and Start Caring for Yourself,” a guide to shedding toxic relationships, has sold more than seven million copies. ByRichard Sandomir A Caldecott Medal winner, he turned childhood memories of fleeing the Nazis in Poland into magical stories. ByAlex Williams Every season brings its share of books to look forward to, and this spring is no different. On this episode Gilbert Cruz and Joumana Khatib talk about a dozen or so titles that sound interesting in the months ahead. Fifteen years ago, Kathryn Stockett’s debut novel became a best seller, but was also heavily criticized for its portrayal of Black characters. Now, she has written second novel, “The Calamity Club.” ByAlexandra Alter In Linda Joan Smith’s “The Peach Thief,” an orphaned girl posing as a boy raids an English Eden. ByJennifer Howard Advertisement Best Sellers Book Review Podcast By the Book Crime Children's Books Advertisement Subscribe to the Book Review Books F.A.Q. Email the Book Review Every Friday, be the first to see reviews, news and features in The New York Times Book Review.

